Add content for ballerina vector package (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-math.vector: ballerina/Package.md

## Package overview

> This module provides functions for doing vector operations including calculating l1 and l2 norm, dot product, cosine similarity, euclidean distance and manhattan distance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides functions for doing vector operations including calculating the l1 and l2 norm, dot product, cosine similarity, euclidean distance, and manhattan distance.
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-math.vector/pull/1/commits/1fe0f828ef1ea29a4fc27924af5f541af69729ff.

> This module provides functions for doing vector operations including calculating l1 and l2 norm, dot product, cosine similarity, euclidean distance and manhattan distance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module provides functions for doing vector operations including calculating the `l1` and `l2` norm, dot product, cosine similarity, euclidean distance, and Manhattan distance.
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-math.vector/pull/1/commits/1fe0f828ef1ea29a4fc27924af5f541af69729ff.
